Hey, don't listen to his nonsense.
Just look at him.
Just one toilet in this building
I can't afford that either.
Hey, you saw on the news that
Today's Invisible Rich
Buy it in full, it's being held next week.
Tianhao Building for the social banquet
How is that possible?
This is the Tianhao Building
Valuation of at least 2 billion
What the hell is this kid doing?
The place you occupy now
This Tianhao Building has been occupied by me
In the bag
So am I qualified to stay here now?
So what?
My marriage to Fang Ling
That's already a deposit on the board
Even if this building is yours
You can't change it
This Tianhao Building
I really didn't pay attention
I think I have a fate with Miss Fang Ling today
I will give this Tianhao Building to Miss Fangling
This Tianhou Building
It really came back to my name
Who are you? I see you're not just blind
You are so stupid
This valuable Tianhao Building
Send it if you say so.
I think you are stupid.
Now he doesn't even have the last remaining trump card
Now I'll see how he ends
Take down Tianhao Building
I don't think there's a penny left now.
Hole Card
You really think it's just a Tianhao building
Is it worthy to be my trump card?